Michael Dixon: Seattle's supposed to have
this liberal image. And it's not.
Tariqa Waters: Sometimes I feel like it's
1954. People feel really empowered just to
say it out loud and just announce their ignorance.
Louis Chude-Sokei: Seattle is, is gentle. You're
not necessarily going to encounter
extreme hostility. You're going to encounter many
layers of subtlety.
What that also means is that it's under your skin annoying.
M. Lorena González: If you're talking about
race and you're not uncomfortable, you're
probably not having the right conversation.
Darrell Hillaire: There’s tension attached
to this conversation.
Jerrell Davis: It's unfortunate that we consider
it difficult conversations to have.
Greg Rickel: We throw out the word race or
racism, and people I think
hear that in so many different ways.
Keli Carender: I think a lot of people are
scared to be called a racist or of using or
exploiting their white privilege or causing
a microaggression or whatever it is.
Duck Bae: All of these terms just contribute
to an oversimplification.
Lucas Nydam: We'll often just give them their
own meaning, kind of make them just buzzwords.
Louis: A lot of these terms are constantly
used but never really unpacked, and people
are interpreting them in quite different ways
than the people who are speaking them.
Autumn Bennett: So like, maybe we do take
a tiny bit of time to define what we mean.